[Music]
so since master class and everything's
over um at first I was kind of like well
I don't feel any different and
you yeah typical um and then like as you
have said everything is starting to like
happen for me like things are happening
out of nowhere
and and it's been amazing and I'm so
like grateful and thankful and all these
things but I find that I'm still having
like such a restriction around money
like yeah it just keeps you know these
things are happening I'm really excited
about him can't wait to do it can't wait
to pursue this but it's always like
comes back to money yeah and I so want
that to stop how much money do you have
to be do you have to have for um you to
think that you're
selfish
any makes sense that you don't want any
money
then wow yeah yeah so what makes you
selfish for wanting let's be ridiculous
let's say $100
million what makes that selfish to have
a100 million or to want $100
million because other people deserve it
as
well
so if you have $100 million other people
can't have $100
million no okay so then
what I haven't earned
it so let's just say being born into
this country makes it more likely for
you to have $100 million than being born
in sub Sahara AF
Africa
so in a weird way none of us have earned
it like there's a certain amount of
Fortune or luck in all of it I having
coached quite a few billionaires I think
they would also recognize that there's a
certain amount of
luck
timing to
it so what's wrong with being lucky not
earning it
you got lucky to be here you got lucky
to be picked you didn't earn
it you're GNA Siege your time for
someone
else
[Laughter]
no oh yeah there's just a lot of like
Yeah from my childhood of
um
yeah so much was
luck
yeah so what's wrong with being lucky
around money instead of earning
it what's what's wrong with the fact
that there's just huge gifts in the
world like our time together right
now
[Music]
nothing so if you'd say out loud I want
a ton of
money out loud in front of all these
people and then tell me tell me what
happens when you say
it I want a ton of
money it's like an electric oh like
right in my
chest yeah and what does money give
you Freedom so say I want to ton of
freedom I want to ton of
Freedom what else does money give you
the ability to feel
safe I want a ton of security or I
want a ton of an ability to feel
safe whatever the words
are I want a ton of safety in my
life so tell me if if we ask everybody
in this group do you want freedom and do
you want security I would assume most
people would raise their
hands they all
selfish not at all not at
all
yeah so what if any constriction is left
around
money yeah it's not about that it's
about the
safety tell me more what what what is
that that you just
discovered it's a couple of things it's
it's like um it's my childhood of um my
dad was a farmer and you know there was
no safety in that you got piled out in
30 seconds and it was all over for the
year yeah so there was that from my
childhood and then more recently it's my
divorce and having to like completely
start over again yeah
yeah how does that not prove your
safety um here you are after a divorce
and after probably countless hail
storms yeah I'm still
here okay last thing is let's reverse it
for a second what's what's what's dirty
about money what's wrong with money
what's bad about
money probably something your farmer
father said about rich people whatever
like
what I don't know many farmers who
really liked rich people worked with a
lot of
farmers it was probably more my mother
than my father
[Music]
um yeah there was oh yeah there was a
lot about like they didn't
deserve they didn't work as hard they
didn't serve
it they we got held out they
didn't right
yeah so luck is related
to know some of the like people who
started the big Silicon Valley companies
they didn't work any harder than the
farmers that I know it's
true yeah
so is that a problem with money or is
that a problem with
people definitely
people yeah so try this one I don't want
to work
hard
oh yeah that's
uh well that's like
viscerally restrictive no yeah right you
you haven't even said it
yet oh you really want me to say that
okay
um I don't want to work hard
what's wrong I don't want to work
hard you're I know you have you have
kids yeah yeah three h how many of them
wanted to work hard when they were like
three years old or seven years old or 14
years
old not at
[Laughter]
all and what what's wrong with you if
you don't want to work hard or them if
they don't want to work hard or me if I
don't want to work hard
yeah there's like a you're not good
enough if you don't work
hard oh wow how about if how about me I
work a lot but I don't work
[Music]
hard I'm not even sure if I can call it
work here I am I'm working
currently what then what does that say
about me if I don't want to work hard
but I I love to
work yeah if you enjoy what you're doing
somehow that's not
work
right right so probably having money
isn't even enjoyable
then let's try I I want to
enjoy my
money I want to enjoy my
money
[Laughter]
okay
yeah what is it that you really have to
work hard for what did you really get
taught you had to work hard for if it
wasn't money because it's not true about
money
attention from your
parents
yeah I just want to prove for a minute
that even that's not true how hard did
you work for the last seven minutes with
us being together on the call how hard
was that
work wasn't hard it was
fun and what do you think when we're
done how many things in the chat are
going to give you praise and
attention and what happens when you let
that in for a minute that you don't even
have to work hard for praise and
attention it feels like kind of painful
a little bit yes so go right into that
pain what what is that
pain like a being
seen not being
seen
yeah just just want you to apologize to
money for the
projection you projected in whatever
words that you that are most aligned in
you like how would you apologize to
money for the projections that you put
onto
it I'm sorry for making you the most
important thing in my
life and because that being seen as
painful whatever the most important
thing in your life is something that you
make something that you have to earn and
therefore push it
away yeah very much
so
yeah what's really the most important
thing in your
life my
kids my family the people I
love yeah how well do they see
you
actually pretty well sometimes nice
yeah and the feeling that you have right
now in your
system when you think of your family and
being seen by
them see what it's like to feel that
same way about
money I love that look on your face
you're like what the
yeah
[Music]
H what a teacher money has been I mean
there's no way money could have taught
you so much if it wasn't seeing you on
some level or reacting to some truth in
you I see that there it
is thank you thank
yeah